🔭 Trim end of line only in directives (important for `code-blocks`) (#1052)
executablebooks/mystmd: .changeset/fuzzy-pots-think.md

---
"markdown-it-myst": patch
"myst-parser": patch
---

> Code block only trims end, not start of lines.

Author: ```suggestion
Only trim end of line for myst-directives, not both the start and end of lines. This is important for keeping indentation in code blocks.
```
